Add shadow demo for BLE (#2618)
aws/amazon-freertos: demos/ble/README.md

## MQTT BLE Transport Demo
This application demonstrates the transport interface implementation with BLE to send MQTT packets to the cloud via a mobile device application. The demo requires a companion mobile application written using the [iOS](https://github.com/aws/amazon-freertos-ble-ios-sdk) or [Android](https://github.com/aws/amazon-freertos-ble-android-sdk) SDK. Sample mobile application can be found in the respective repositories. The demo facilitates applications written using the MQTT library to seamlessly send to and receive data from the cloud, over BLE through a companion device. 

## Shadow BLE Transport Demo

> This application demonstrates shadow updates for a BLE device with the cloud using a companion mobile device application. The demo requires a smartphone application written using the companion SDK for [iOS](https://github.com/aws/amazon-freertos-ble-ios-sdk) or [Android](https://github.com/aws/amazon-freertos-ble-android-sdk). Sample mobile applications can be found in the respective repositories. The demo facilitates applications written using the shadow and MQTT library to seamlessly perform shadow updates with the cloud over BLE through a companion device. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This application demonstrates Device Shadow updates for a BLE device with AWS IoT using a companion mobile device application. The demo requires a smartphone application written using the companion SDK for [iOS](https://github.com/aws/amazon-freertos-ble-ios-sdk) or [Android](https://github.com/aws/amazon-freertos-ble-android-sdk). Sample mobile applications can be found in the respective repositories. The demo facilitates applications written using the shadow and MQTT libraries to seamlessly perform shadow updates with the cloud over BLE through a companion device. 
```
